API design: API endpoint for updating a host's manual labels (#16979)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

}
```

### Add labels to host

> The endpoint can be used to add manual labels to a host. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds manual labels to a host. 
```

`POST /api/v1/fleet/hosts/:id/labels`

#### Parameters

| Name | Type    | In   | Description                  |
| ---- | ------- | ---- | ---------------------------- |
| labels   | list | body | The list of label names to add to the host. |

#### Example

`POST /api/v1/fleet/hosts/12/labels`

##### Request body

```json
{
  "labels": ["label1", "label2"]
}
```

##### Default response

> `Status: 200`

Reviewer: @marko-lisica @lucasmrod do these endpoints respond with a 200 or 204? (I remember Martin mentioning we normally use 204 when there's no response data, e.g [here](https://fleetdm.com/docs/rest-api/rest-api#default-response54))

Reviewer 2: HTTP 200. (Though HTTP 204 would make sense too.)

### Remove labels from host

> The endpoint can be used to remove manual labels from a host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removes manual labels from a host.
```

}
```

### Add labels to host

> The endpoint can be used to add manual labels only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint can be used to add manual labels to a host. 
```

`POST /api/v1/fleet/hosts/:id/labels`

#### Parameters

| Name | Type    | In   | Description                  |
| ---- | ------- | ---- | ---------------------------- |
| labels   | list | body | The list of label names to add to the host. |

> Note: Assigning labels that are already assigned to a host will return success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Example

`POST /api/v1/fleet/hosts/12/labels`

##### Request body

```json
{
  "labels": ["label1", "label2"]
}
```

##### Default response

`Status: 200`

### Remove labels from host

> The endpoint can be used to add manual labels only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint can be used to remove manual labels from a host.
```

`DELETE /api/v1/fleet/hosts/:id/labels`

#### Parameters

| Name | Type    | In   | Description                  |
| ---- | ------- | ---- | ---------------------------- |
| labels   | list | body | The list of label names to delete from the host. |

> Note: Removing labels that aren't assigned to a host will return success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
